Ссылка на видео : <https://youtu.be/xjLTf0aiC-A>

Hi, my name is Irina. I’m from Minsk and nice to meet you.
My path to programming started many years ago. As a schoolgirl I had several dreams: to learn to play the piano, to speak English and then appeared a dream to be a programmer, or at list to get a profession related to computers.
But life is full of surprises and not everything happens as we expected.
One of the dreams was to speak English foe example. Oh, I so wanted to learn English! But I was enrolled in the German group at school and I was not allowed to transfer to the English group.
Later German was the reason why I gave up the idea to study programming. For some reason I believed that if you did not learn English at school, you cannot go to programming. Now I understand that it was stupid, but I was a teenager and nobody told me that I was wrong.
So, I finished 9 classes with excellent marks and went to college, which I also graduated with honors and became an accountant. I received my higher education while working by profession.
 Now I have 15 years of experience, many professional certificates, including international ones. But I have never been able to let go of my passion for computers. Working as a chief accountant, I gained experience in using a huge number of different software. I also supervised the transition to new accounting software in a large manufacturing company. I myself wrote technical tasks, communicated with programmers. It was a very interesting experience, and as a result I was even invited by the company, from which the program was purchased, to work in their implementation team.
Since that time, I began to seriously think that maybe I should return to my school dream and become a programmer. I decided that I should at least try, otherwise the dream will remain just a dream.
I enrolled in the IT Academy foundation course, which made me realize that I really wanted to continue studying programming.
In the spring of 2021, my basic course was completed and our tutor sent us a link to enroll in RSSchool. That was my first exposure to RSS.  I even signed up and started doing enrollment assignments, there was no Stage 0 level at the time.  But I still didn't know English at all. At that time, I decided I should go back to my school dream of learning English. But it was unreal for me to study both English and programming at the same time, so I concentrated on English. As the result for almost two years, I raised my English level from A1 to B1-B2, and I decided that now I was ready to go back to programming.  And that's when I remembered about RSS.  So, I'm here now, and I think I made the right choice.
I cannot say that everything is easy for me, I'm so short of time, and sometimes it seems that I know nothing. For example, the Momentum task at Stage 0. When I read the assignment, it seemed to me that I wouldn't be able to do it at all. But I did it and even got the maximum score for it. I learn something new with each assignment and it's great.
I like the fact that on this course there's a huge community of students and mentors who always understand you and you can find answers to almost any question.
Today I can say that I like what I do. Yes, I am not always successful with everything, but I am on the right path and in the near future I really hope to post on LinkedIn about a career change. After being able to learn English from scratch in less than 2 years, I know that anything is possible. The main thing is not to give up and keep going to the dream.
That's probably all I wanted to say about myself. Thank you so much for watching. And good luck!
